
Add all the features in GherkinEditor to the editor.   

Specifically the table editing dialog with all its commands.   

Add Scenario keyword  

Should the name of the spectable file automatically be the "feature name" ? 

When the user types the attributeset,  check to see that it exists.   If it does not 
exist, then ask if they want to create it or do they want to change the name to an existing one.   
If create, then just below, create the Attributes  If the attributes (or entity) already exist
and there is no table beneath the step, create a header line with all the attributes. 


When an Attributes or Entity first line is finished, then add the table headers if a 
table does not yet exist.     

When adding a table to a Examples or Details for a DataType, and the table does not exist
then add the column headers to the first line.   

Add the ~ for a space character in tables.   

Do the lookup of Given/When/Then matches.   Use the entire project as the match plus any 
import statements from other projects.   

On import - start with the Solution name as the root.   

The attribute set should be checked - to find attribute or entity that matches 
When it does - put a header in there. 

DomainTerms should be checked to see if already created. 
C:\Users\user\source\repos\GherkinEditorClaude

Do the git repository underneath -  Ask again how to read all these files into another git project. 

Or somehow hide the other files.    This is an issue.  

Add editing of md files - start with external editor (typescript). 

Look at the types of tables in featurex.  If the AttributeSet for a table is a DataType, 
then the table will not have headers.   dont worry about the line version.        

Future - show errors in the files - missing attributeset would be the most common.   

Unrecognized keyword.  Syntax error (missing :)  DataType unrecognized. 

Add a list of standard datatypes (Text, Integer, Float, Boolean, - see GE).   

GE should work much the same - tables are passed.  DataTypes, Domain Terms, Business Rules treated
like scenarios with just a single step (with name appended).    

now what about the scope of names?    For a project - no repetition.  So keep everything in 
a single namespace?  If there is conflict (i.e. something comes up and they want something
different, let them change the name).   

For Attributes - make up the string and internal version 

For Entity - make up a string version (with String appended).  Now what to do with internal 
entity.  If it already exists, then use it.  If it does not, then need to create it. 
Maybe make up a Test version and then have them create a conversion between test and the real thing. 
That should be really straightforward - make up a dummy method with all the stuff needed 
and they can copy it.   
  
Maybe have a tag after the Entity definition.    
  


The executor should turn And into Given when making up step names.   
The Definition should add the Domain Term, Data Type to the Definition to eliminate overlaps
 





