SpecTable SpecStudio

The type column should show the built in types as well as all Datatypes (and DomainTerms) that have been created.   If it doesn't exist, then a "do you want to create that?" should show up.
   
The display for the attributes and entities is not filled in.  Should they be hover's or non-modal dialogs 

Check that multiples are display corrected in embedded tables when they are shown in the scenario display. 
  
The suggestions for Attribute/Entity/Datatype after a scenario should display existing ones or prompt for a new one = sort of works 

Entity - something in the Domain - create a commented out to/from Typed 
b
The given/when/then without a table should still become glue code steps 

Maybe have a WhenThen command.   If a Given sets up some stuff, then the When/Then has business rules with multiple inputs and multiple outputs based on that Given 
 
So the things can be a little more complicated. 

Myabe have a Sequence - which shows a sequence of operations - given is output of previous operation, then a given, then  

State table - SteveEvent in the upper left, then statess in the column and events on the top.   Filled in with the transitions.   Creates glue code with evety transition
Given this state/ when this event/ Then this state 

Karnot map - with DNC's -  check that it is complete, 
  
Business Rule Table Details (not example) 
Field 1, Field 2, Result        Lines are >10, >-10, > 10&<12   = 10 | = 12   so And, Or, Not  and comparison 
Then can the examples be auto generated??     The rule fields have datatypes so appropriate calculations can take place there 
Package and test class name should be Specification_<text> 

Attribute names should start with lower case, even if table name is upper case.  If spaces in name, make camelCase.   





A entry can have a more complicated desicion on the state - use a Define for it -  it includes the if cllauses s

SpecTable – should already be in it

Optional Multiples column with space as default.   Y or Yes or a number

Don’t show language files, unless settings say to show files other than those listed.

Given/When/Then without data should still generate a call

The help stuff (e.g. showing fields for a AttributeSet,  volunteering to create one if none listed is not working.

Make up a project with all the feature files from GherkinExecutor.  Then try it out.

Put the production stuff in with it.   All production in a single directory

CSV file – when inserted use as a table.  Check the headers against the AttributeSet

•	Create a version for RUST

If the spectables are in folders, the corresponding tests should be in folders