
*** Add shipping and discount to the Shopping Cart.  Do one that adds the addresses afterwards.   

*** What character for the comment character??   shoudl it be #  or /  ?    


Gherkin - as in Cucumber, etc.   Free form, to be readable by humans.   

GherkinExecutor - additions to Cucumber so that the glue code could be generated automatically.  It restricted passing parameters to passing values by step tables.   This allowed every parameter's data type (e.g. Dollar, Percentage, AccountType) to be specified in the feature file.    

SpecStudio - Instead of individual files, they are part of a project. The files share Domain Driven aspects - Entities, Domain Terms, Collections.   The IDE can show relationships between the different aspects and enforce some semantic consistency.   

Why tables?   Most people are familar with spreadsheets.  FIT was designed as a testing tool using spreadsheets as the data provider.   It is easier to scan a table for missing conditions than to scan multiple tests.   Gherkin scenarios that use a step to input a single value, but have many values to input, become very wordy.  A table is easier for the human to parse. 

Why not let AI do it?   AI is familiar with many algorithms.  For example, converting F to C.  It could probably handle adding items to a shopping cart, but how will it know your discount and shipping policies? 

Utilize standard unit test packages to run the tests and report errors.   No sense in duplicating this.   

Split a scenario into two parts.   The scenario becomes a test in the test class that passes the data to each step that is defined in the glue class.  The test class is regenerated everytime.  The glue code is generated once.  The developer adds calls to the production code from the glue code.   If someone wants to test the production code with different values, they can change the scenario in the spectable file or they can add a different scenario with the same step names and different data.    This separation of concern works well with AI generated code.  The AI is told to use the glue code to connect to the production code, and work till the tests pass.   You can then look at the glue code to see what production code is called for a particular behavior.   You can create another scenario calling the same glue code and see whether it still passes (or fails according to what you give it).   That produces a little more faith in the AI generated code. 

Now who would want to use this?   Any industry where business rules and operations must be consistently followed. 

You can test against the core or against the UI.  For AI, all you have to do is ask that it tests against the UI.   Or you can use tags to generate tests that call UI interfaces, rathe than code interfaces.  Of course, you can use it to test extenal services by providing the input data and checking the output data.   

is this a unit or a module or an end-to-end tester?   It is a behavior tester, so it can act in any of those environments.   It all depends how you implement the glue code. 

This has been designed from my experience and view of how DDD,ATDD, BDD and OOD fit together.   (I can say this is not how the Red-Green-Refactor cycle works).   This may not be your view.  I'd like to hear from you what changes might be made to fit your perspective.   

Note that you don't have to have a full spec to start the program.  You have to have just enough spec.   You can revise the spec and then let AI alter the production code to match that revision.    The spec shows how the code works now.  

For those coming from the Cucumber/SpecFlow world.   The glue code methods are tied to the Specification (ala Feature file).   Most glue code methods should call one or two production methods or do an assert.   So if this had to be duplicated in multiple glue codes, it's probably not too big a deal. Each scenario runs in its own context, so that the steps share the same context.   The entities are shared between all glue codes.   

If the was a need for a large glue code method that is used in multiple places, then you could construct the method in common and then have the other methods call it (e.g. extract the logic into a static method in a class that is in the /common directory.  If necessary, you could pass some context information.    Before you do all this, ask why that scenario isn't in the same specification file :)   

I've tried to keep all implementation issues out of the specification files.  For people who are going to use these as unit test files,  you can include tags (e.g. @something) on each scenario that are passed to the unit tests. There is no interpretation of these tags.   
There


**** Redo the manual tester using spectables.   Redo bowling using spectables.   

Who to send it to:  1.) Ward - 2.) CRC card lady  3.) David B. 4.) Rob M 5.) Bob Martin 6.) his son 7.) The Rust father 8.) Gokjo 9.) Cucumber people `10.)  Vanguard people 

No conversion from excel, just create a CSV of the Excel file.      


*** Show example of the Tricentis -  share it with Dale.  
 